This is a pretty simple app, so this is gonna be short.

Since we're writing for it to be cross-platform, we'll need to seperate the OS
specific stuff pretty fast. We do need the UI element, being that we'll have to
change settings, so that needs an abstraction layer. I don't think we should do
anything like GPU accelerated UI, so not too worried about that, we'll just wrap
stuff like "dialog" and "button" and "text label" and make the usage OS
agnostic. I think with the nature of the app, it's reasonable to have it expect
a few thing in runtime, like the input of the keyboard being captured, and it
being the sole output. We can give it a sort of layer, doing things like
`captureInput()` and then `sendOutMessage("a")` or something along those lines.
In our main loop, we use no OS specific code.

Regarding the app itself, we can understand that it will capture input, then
read input and deal with it accordingly, translating the set key into morse
code, or escaping/entering morse code mode with the set key as well. So we'll
need settings. This can be a file alongside the morskey app, something like JSON
or something. On boot, the program creates it if it doesn't exist and reads from
it and writes to it when a setting changes. The settings should be like, what
key should be the straight-key, what key should be the escape key, WPM and
timing adjustments generally. Morse code maybe can also be an external file, to
encourage customization. So morse code will be dynamically matched as the timing
settings dictate. And then of course, we make our frequencies on the input,
maybe have a setting for "sound on" and also what frequency the sound emits at.

We also need to consider the logic about how like we'll manage timing. Regarding
the input interface, we can translate OS calls to something like "key up" and
"key down", and then we track how long the key has been down by running a timer
of sorts, and checking how long time has elapsed since the key has been pressed
and not pressed, and making judgements about when to send out letters and when
to insert a space here.

And then there's the actual C programming itself, and more technical specifics.
I think this is when it's time to properly format this in the architecture.md
file.
